kb(treeview): Update KB for item scrolling and focus (#2080)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/treeview-scroll-to-item.md

## Description

This KB article discusses the following scenarios and questions:

* I expand a TreeView parent item and select a child item. The child item may be outside the visible part of the page viewport. How to find and automatically scroll to the selected TreeView node, even if it is not visible on the screen?

> * Sometimes I may load additional TreeView data and refresh the TreeView. Then, I need to scroll to a specific item. Users should not scroll manually in this case.

Reviewer: Consider the following suggestion for additional clarity:

```suggestion
* Sometimes I may load additional TreeView data and refresh the TreeView. Then, I need to scroll to a specific item. This should happen automatically for users and should not require any manual interaction from them.
```

1. [Select the item]({%slug treeview-selection-overview%}) or implement some way to find it in the DOM.
1. Set a boolean flag and use it in `OnAfterRenderAsync` to execute the JavaScript.
1. Execute the JavaScript code with [some timeout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setTimeout) to ensure that the new HTML markup has been rendered by the browser. The timeout value will depend on the server-client latency and number of newly rendered items.

> 1. (optional) Focus the TreeView item element (`<li class="k-treeview-item">`) to continue the keyboard navigation from that item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Focus the TreeView item element (`<li class="k-treeview-item">`) to continue the keyboard navigation from that item.
```
